there is manuscript evidence that austen continued to work on these pieces as late as the period 1809 â '' 11 , and that her niece and nephew , anna and james edward austen , made further additions as late as 1814 . | there is some proof that austen continued to work on these pieces later in life . her nephew and niece , james edward and anna austen , may have made further additions to her work in around 1814 .
in a remarkable comparative analysis , mandaean scholar säve-söderberg demonstrated that mani 's psalms of thomas were closely related to mandaean texts . | mandaean scholar säve-söderberg showed that mani 's psalms of thomas were closely related to mandaean texts .
before persephone was released to hermes , who had been sent to retrieve her , hades tricked her into eating pomegranate seeds , -lrb- six or three according to the telling -rrb- which forced her to return to the underworld for a period each year . | when demeter went to the underworld to rescue her persephone , hades forced persephone to eat the pomegranate . after she ate this fruit it was supposed to keep her in the underworld with hades so she would be forced to marry him .
cogeneration plants are commonly found in district heating systems of cities , hospitals , prisons , oil refineries , paper mills , wastewater treatment plants , thermal enhanced oil recovery wells and industrial plants with large heating needs . | cogeneration plants are commonly found in district heating systems of big towns , hospitals , prisons , oil refineries , paper mills , wastewater treatment plants , thermal enhanced oil recovery wells and industrial plants with large heating needs .
geneva -lrb- , ; , ; , ; ; -rrb- is the second-most-populous city in switzerland -lrb- after zürich -rrb- and is the most populous city of romandie -lrb- the french-speaking part of switzerland -rrb- . | the city 's main newspaper is the tribune de genève , a daily newspaper founded on 1 february 1879 by james t. bates , with a readership of about 187,000 .
when japan earned another race on the f1 schedule ten years later , it went to suzuka instead . | when japan was added back to the f1 schedule ten years later , it went to suzuka instead .
this marked the first motorcycle racing event at the facility since its first month of operation , in august 1909 . | this was the first motorcycle racing event at the facility since its first month of operation , in august 1909 .
ka la ku'oko ' a -lrb- hawaiian independence day -rrb- : the kingdom of hawai`i is officially recognized by the united kingdom of great britain and ireland and july monarchy france as an independent nation . | november 28 - ka la ku'oko ` a : hawaiian independence day . the kingdom of hawai`i was officially recognized by the united kingdom and france as an independent nation .
a scythe -lrb- oxford english dictionary , oxford university press , 1933 : scythe -rrb- is an agricultural hand tool for mowing grass , reaping crops , or reaping people -lrb- i.e. the grim reaper -rrb- . | a scythe -lrb- , from old english siðeoxford english dictionary 1933 . -rrb-
toshihide saito is a japanese football -lrb- soccer -rrb- defender . | toshihide saito -lrb- born 20 april 1973 -rrb- is a japanese football player .